Angelina Jolie's win for best supporting actress for her role in ''Girl, Interrupted'' came 21 years after father Jon Voight was awarded best actor for ''Coming Home''.
``Shakespeare in
Heavy metal rock band Metallica has accused three universities and the makers of a popular Internet music sharing software of copyright infringement and racketeering.
, the University of Southern California, Yale University and Indiana University encouraged users of Napster software to trade copyrighted material without the band's permission.
Napster chief executive Hank Barry countered that the Web site's 20 million users have a right to ``share'' music under copyright law.
The Recording Industry Association of America, which represents major record labels, and several music groups have argued that software created by the online music
A school in the western part of east China's Fujian Province has been set up to provide more qualified professionals, and sports, arts, and music teachers for primary and middle schools in rural areas.
For the last two decades, schools like Public School 156 have increasingly turned to the city's museums, concert halls and theaters for lessons in art, music and dance.
The school has developed a comprehensive arts program in partnership with several of New York City's nonprofit cultural institutions whose employees have advised the teachers, helped write the curriculum and frequently visited the classrooms to teach students about
National Institutes of Health yesterday concluded for the first time that the ancient Chinese art of acupuncture is an effective treatment for certain kinds of pain and nausea and shows promise for a variety of other conditions, providing an unprecedented endorsement by the Western medical establishment.
The number of Americans who are using alternative treatments such as herbal supplements, massage therapy and megavitamins is increasing dramatically, said the Washington Post by quoting studies published in the Journal of the American Medical Association.
A U.S. China and the World Health Organization (WHO) have made achievements in cooperation in traditional Chinese medicine,
Ginger Lewis, Leigh Ann Barton's cousin, said the whole family was aware that Mark Barton was a suspect in the 1993 slaying of his first wife, Debra Barton, and her mother, Eloise Powell Spivey.
The investor who killed his family and nine people at two brokerage firms vowed in a note to kill ``the people that greedily sought my destruction,'.
Barton, a chemist and securities day trader, wrote in his letter that he killed his current wife, Leigh Ann, night and his two children, 11-year-old Matthew and 8-year-old Mychelle, night.
_ After bludgeoning his wife and two children to
Armed Basque separatist group ETA announces cease-fire MADRID.
whose name stands for Basque Homeland Freedom, has killed nearly 800 people since 1968 in its campaign for Basque independence.
an acronym for Basque Homeland and Freedom, has killed close to 800 people during its 30-year campaign for an independent Basque state straddling the Spanish-French border.
Thousands of sympathizers of the radical Basque political coalition Herri Batasuna demonstrated demanding a negotiated solution to the violence in the northern Basque region.
The Spanish government has ruled out any discussion of Basque independence in expected peace talks with
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has admitted that the two Israelis arrested in Cyprus on suspicion of espionage against Cyprus are Mossad agents.
Two Israelis who were arrested in Cyprus last week on suspicion of spying are agents of the Israeli intelligence agency Mossad.
Israeli President Ezer Weizman, who visited Cyprus three days before the Israelis' arrest sent his Cypriot counterpart a ``message of friendship,'.
A Cypriot police source, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said the Israelis were suspected of spying on behalf of Turkey, which invaded and occupied the northern third of Cyprus in 1974.
A United Nations World Heritage committee called for the scrapping of the proposed Jabiluka uranium mine in Australia's Northern Territory.
The Australian federal government rejected a UNESCO report which called for Kakadu National Park in northwest Australia to be placed on the endangered list because of the threat posed by the Jabiluka uranium mine.
Mining company Energy Resources of Australia Ltd.
Australian conservationists and traditional aboriginal owners threatened to blockade development of the huge Jabiluka uranium mine in the country's vast Kakadu National Park, which is on the World Heritage List, after the federal government
The government today released new national standards for growing and processing organic food that will bar the use of genetic engineering or irradiation.
Farmers doubled the nation's organic crop acreage in the 1990s, and production of organic eggs and milk increased even more to meet rising consumer demand.
Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman to withdraw a proposal to allow food to be labeled ``organic'' even if it is irradiated to kill germs, genetically engineered, or fertilized with treated sewage sludge.
&UR; &QL; &LR; &UR; SAN FRANCISCO _ &LR; Like much of the rest of the world, the United States
Burkino Faso became the 40th country to ratify an international treaty to ban anti-personnel land mines meaning the treaty will go into effect in six months.
Kenya will next year ratify the Ottawa Treaty banning the use of land mines.
Forty-five of the 53 nations in Africa have signed the treaty, which prohibits use, production, trade in or stockpiling of antipersonnel mines.
The International Campaign to Ban Landmines has called on all 14 member states of Southern African Development Community (SADC) to join the mine ban treaty.
Serrao made the remarks at the on-going meeting of the
Rudolph has been charged in three Atlanta-area bombings, including the 1996 Olympic park bombing in which a woman died.
Federal authorities charged Eric Robert Rudolph, one of the FBI's 10 most-wanted fugitives, with bombings including one blasted in the Centennial Park in Atlanta during the 1996 Olympics.
Investigators also suspect he was involved in a January 1998 explosion that killed a police officer and maimed a nurse at the New Woman All Women Health Care clinic in Birmingham, Ala. 1998 Cox News Service ANDREWS, N.C. Added Woody Enderson, head of the Southeast Bomb Task Force investigating the Birmingham bombing and
Nearly 100 million people worldwide, including 4 million Americans, are believed to be have hepatitis C. Typically, only 15 percent to 20 percent of patients who get interferon are rid of all signs of the virus.
The Food and Drug Administration approved a powerful combination of two antiviral drugs to treat chronic hepatitis C, a liver infection that can lead to cirrhosis, liver cancer and liver failure.
, found that six months after treatment, a combination of interferon and a drug called ribavirin was 31 to 38 percent effective among patients being treated for the first time.
1 reason for
The European Commission, the European Union (EU)'s executive arm, proposed a strategy for deepening Turkey's ties with the EU.
Turkey tonight accused the European Parliament of voting to block European Union's aid to Turkey.
Greek Foreign Minister George Papandreou said that his country was keen to see neighboring Turkey become a candidate for European Union (EU) membership.
The relations between Turkey and EU have been soured after EU leaders decided last December not to accept Turkey as an official new member candidate, though they did not rule out its candidacy in the future.
Turkish Daily News reported that Ankara was
Gold production in 1995 stood at between 53 and 55 tons, and gold export amounted to 600 million dollars last year.
The increase in gold production, which put Mexico in the 17th place worldwide, was due to an increase in demand for exports and to the investments that were made during the past two years in the mining industry, mainly in the north of the country.
This year Peru's mining companies planned to invest over 350 million U.S. dollars to increase gold production.
Participants from mining sectors of 14 countries, including Argentina, Australia, Chile, Brazil, the United States, Peru, Colombia
The Justice Department and 19 states suing Microsoft Corp. _ Microsoft Corp.
In his ruling, Federal District Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson wrote that Microsoft violated the Sherman Antitrust Act.
A Harvard legal scholar told the judge in the Microsoft antitrust case that the company's decision to bundle its Web browser into the Windows operating system had ``obvious benefits'' to computer programmers and consumers.
Business seemed as usual at Microsoft headquarters on the first day of the U.S. government's antitrust trial against this software giant.
May 18 - After the settlement negotiations fail, the Justice Department and 20 states file a
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has warned Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat not to declare an independent Palestinian State on May 4 this year.
A senior Palestinian National Authority (PNA) official urged Israel to implement the Oslo accords and the Hebron agreement in a bid to move the Mideast peace process forward.
The fifth anniversary of the Oslo Accords has been marked by clashes between the Palestinians and Israeli soldiers, the Israeli closure of the West Bank and Gaza, and massive peace demonstrations in Israel.
President of Palestinian National Authority (PNA) Yasser Arafat today Condemned Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's policies
Gingrich filed for divorce July 29 from Marianne Gingrich.
House speaker Newt Gingrich wants a Cobb County, Ga. Marianne Gingrich's counterclaim, filed Aug. Story Filed By Cox Newspapers For Use By Clients of the New York Times News Service House speaker's divorce case gave way to a secret settlement between Gingrich and his wife of 18 years, Marianne Gingrich.
Randy Evans, Gingrich's attorney, filed a motiin Cobb County Superior Court asking that Marianne Gingrich be forced to transfer the money to a joint account within 14 days.
In her counterclaim to Gingrich's July 29 divorce petition, Marianne Gingrich accuses her
The mass printing of the banknotes of the single European currency, the euro, would be started at the beginning of 1999.
At the Madrid summit last December, leaders of EU member nations agreed unanimously that the European single currency will be formally launched on January 1, 1999.
The answers to these matters represent the precondition for identifying the monetary and currency policies which might ensure, in the shortest delay, the criteria for a convergence between the Romanian economic and monetary system, on the one hand, and the Economic and monetary Union, on the other hand, the Governor added.
The European
Talk show: ``Leeza,'' NBC; ``The Rosie O'Donnell Show,'' Syndicated; ``Live With Regis and Kathie Lee,'' Syndicated; ``The Oprah Winfrey Show,'' Syndicated; ``The View,'' ABC.
Talk show host Oprah Winfrey is starting a magazine next spring with the magazine publisher Hearst Corp. Service show: ``Martha Stewart Living,'' Syndicated; ``Better Homes and Gardens Television,'' Syndicated; ``Interior Motives,'' Discovery Channel; ``Personal FX: The Collectibles Show,'' FX; ``This Old House,'' PBS.
Nominees for major Daytime Emmys: Drama series: ``All My Children,'' ABC; ``Days of Our Lives,'' NBC; ``General Hospital,'' ABC; ``The Young and the Restless,'' CBS.
Children's series: ``Jim Henson's Animal Show''
The conference is sponsored by the China Society for Library Science, the National Library of China, the American Library Association, the Chinese American Librarians Association, the Library of Congress, and the US National Commission on Libraries and Information Science.
This letter and hundreds of others in their original form can be read on the Internet at the American Memory site of the Library of Congress, one of the libraries leading the way in a quiet revolution that is changing the way knowledge is shared around the world.
"The collection includes more than 300 rare volumes and original copies," according to
"As the Islamic Republic of Iran has repeatedly announced, Iran-Russia nuclear cooperation is for peaceful purposes" and Iran carries out its peaceful atomic programs under the supervision of the International Atomic Energy Agency.
Russia reiterated that its cooperation with Iran in the nuclear industry fully conforms to all international commitments of Moscow and Tehran, including those on the nonproliferation of nuclear weapons.
Iran has rejected as "unfounded" an allegation by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu that Iran is seeking access to atomic warheads.
Foreign Ministry spokesman Mahmoud Mohammadi said the accusations indicated the U.S. hostile attitude toward Iran, adding that
-Revised estimates of nuclear missile capability, particularly of North Korea and Iran, add new urgency to development of a national missile defense system.
was fired from the White Sands Missile Range in New Mexico State of the United States.
The U.S. military today tested over the Pacific Ocean a sensor designed to detect and track incoming nuclear missiles.
Under the 1.6 billion dollar contract, Boeing will design, develop, test and integrate a variety of components for a space-age "National
Nigeria is to join the league of deep offshore oil producers in the world when the nation's first deep water oil field commences production in the year 2003. the "Bonga" oil field is located 120 kilometers off the coast of the oil-producing Niger Delta region in water more than 1,000 meters deep.
The country is now executing an oil project through Shell Nigeria Exploration and Production Company (SNEPCO) at a cost of 2.7 billion U.S. dollars.
Shell's deep water oil exploration in its Bonga field has come up with exciting results which can be compared to the huge discoveries made
Since the military has arrested more than 300 of members of Suu Kyi's political party, the National League for Democracy, to prevent it from convening the parliament elected in 1990.
While Myanmar's military government continued its arrests of the country's democracy activists, a top general accused Nobel Peace Prize winner Aung San Suu Kyi of working with terrorists.
There are 42 NLD members of parliament in Myanmar's prisons.
He added that the armed men demanded that the Myanmar government release all political prisoners, recognize the results of the 1990 general election and reshuffle the government.

Tripp broke Maryland law by recording phone conversations with former White House intern Monica Lewinsky.
Linda Tripp, whose tape recordings of Monica Lewinsky triggered a criminal investigation of President Bill Clinton, was subpoenaed to testify before the grand jury next week.
Former White House intern Monica Lewinsky appeared in a court in Maryland state of the United States and testified against his former confidant Linda Tripp.
The House Judiciary Committee released 22 hours of the tapes, which triggered independent counsel
American Home Products Corp. American Home withdrew Pondimin and Redux from the market in 1997 after a Mayo Clinic study linked fen-phen to potentially fatal heart valve damage.
American Home Products has agreed to pay $3.75 billion to settle thousands of lawsuits filed nationwide by people claiming health problems due to the company's once popular fen-phen diet drug combination.
Lawyers representing millions of people who used the diet drug combination fen-phen are negotiating a national settlement of health claims against the manufacturer, American Home Products Corp. American Home, through its Wyeth-Ayerst Laboratories subsidiary, marketed fenfluramine --half of
, endorsed Vice President Al Gore for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2000.
Vice President Al Gore's 2000 campaign has appointed a campaign pro with local Washington connections as its political director.
Dick Gephardt's 1988 presidential campaign.
Vice President Al Gore, who continues to reshuffle his struggling presidential campaign, has selected Donna Brazile to be his new campaign manager.
Coelho, a prominent Democratic strategist, was named general chairman of Gore's presidential campaign in May 1999 in the first major shakeup of Gore's presidential campaign.
On the eve of his 59th trip to California, Vice President Al Gore has
President Bill Clinton today used his line-item veto power to strike out 38 projects worth 287 million U.S. dollars from a military construction bill.
_ The Supreme Court ruled that the Constitution prohibited the president from rewriting legislation by vetoing single items of spending or tax breaks approved by Congress.
In a 6-3 decision, the high court ruled the Line Item Veto Act violated the constitution's separation of powers between Congress, which approves legislation, and the president, who either signs it into law or vetoes it.
The line-item veto law was challenged by New York City and an Idaho potato
O.J.
Simpson was acquitted of murder in a criminal trial but was found liable in a subsequent civil trial for the 1994 deaths of his ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend Ronald Goldman.
ANGELES _ O.J.
Simpson was acquitted in October 1995 in the criminal trial for the slashing murders of his ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend Ronald Goldman, but the victims' relatives filed a civil wrongful death suit against him, seeking monetary damages.
A civil jury found former American football star O.J.
He was ordered to pay Simpson's and Goldman's families financial judgments totaling
_ California Sen. Dianne Feinstein and Barbara Boxer of California In 1992, Californians made history by pulling the lever for both Dianne Feinstein and Barbara Boxer.
Sen. Barbara Boxer, D-Calif. FRANCISCO _ Republican Rep. Feinstein said Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott, R-Miss.
Feinstein's California colleague, Sen. ``Tom Campbell has won elections,'' said Jim Jordan, political director for the Democratic Senate Campaign Committee.
Like Feinstein in the Senate, 37 of the 39 House members are up for re-election _ two are leaving the House.
President Clinton on Feb. , Blanche Lambert Lincoln was elected to the Senate two years ago.
Feinstein
Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini issued the fatwa, or religious edict, on Rushdie in 1989, claiming his book ``The Satanic Verses'' blasphemed Islam.
On February 14 late Iranian leader Ayatollah Khomeini issued a religious edict, pronouncing a death sentence on British author Salman Rushdie and his publishers in protest at the publication of Rushdie's novel The Satanic Verses, which was accused of insulting Muslims, and exhorting all Muslims to carry out the sentence.
An Iranian foundation has added dlrs 300,000 to the reward for Salman Rushdie's death, just weeks after the Iranian government tried to distance itself from the
The unemployment rate in France dropped by 0.3 percent to stand at 12.4 percent in November, said the Ministry of Employment Unemployment in France fell to 11.6 percent in October from 11.7 percent, reflecting a slight improvement in the country's high jobless rate.
- France has raised its unemployment benefits by 2.45 percent as of July 1, announced Denis Gautier-Sauvagnac, president of the unemployment insurance regime of UNEDIC.
Groups of jobless occupied unemployment offices in southern France and in one Parisian suburb keeping pressure on the government to give them a year-end bonus of 3,000 francs (dlrs 535).
_ Starbucks Coffee Co. YORK _ Time Inc. &QL; Coffee giant Starbucks Corp. FRANCISCO _ The Starbucks Coffee Co.
These are the stories The San Francisco Chronicle Business section plans to move for November 20, on the New York Times wire.
Tea sales made up only 1 percent of that total.
Starbucks has sold jazz CDs in its coffee shops for several years and considers music an important part of how customers experience its brand, said Bonnie Kramer Tonneson, an analyst with Hambrecht &AMP; Quist.
shares tumbled today after the coffee retailer warned that shortfalls in its non-core businesses and
Kenyan President Daniel arap Moi has accused Amnesty International of applying double standard in the assessment of human rights violation in the country.
Amnesty International denounced the human rights climate in Cambodia as campaigning for parliamentary elections drew to a close and urged the international community to wake up to intimidation and violence against the opposition.
The Rwandan government has expressed deep outrage about Amnesty International's continued campaign aimed at tarnishing the image of the country.
In a statement in response to the manefesto and press release issued by Amnesty International.
London-based
The epicenter of the aftershock was about 130 kilometers about east of Istanbul, the largest city of Turkey, Over 60 aftershocks measuring at least 4.0 on the Richter scale have occurred since the quake hit western Turkey in the early hours of August 17.
Some 26,000 survivors of the August 17, 1999 earthquake that devastated Izmit, Turkey's western industrial heartland in Marmara region, are still living in tents one year after the quake.
Turkey's Anatolia News Agency quoted Ismail Alakoc.
A 5.2-magnitude earthquake, followed by another one of magnitude 4.6, rocked western Turkey but the casualties from the quake are
One of two men convicted of assaulting a woman and her son outside the headquarters of the Aryan Nations denied being a member of the white supremacist group during testimony in a civil rights case filed against them, the Aryan Nations and the group's founder, Richard Butler.
The Southern Poverty Law Center, which was founded in the 1970s to battle racial bias, won major legal fights against the Ku Klux Klan and other white supremacist groups.
The number of organized
Several governments, including the United States, Japan and the European Union, urged the two to refrain from nuclear weapons testing and to sign the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty and the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty.
Russia repeated its call to India and Pakistan to join the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT).
Pakistan detonated five underground nuclear devices widely viewed as a response to India's five nuclear tests on May 11 and 13.
NATIONS (AP.
Russia does not see India and Pakistan as nuclear club members though they conducted a series of nuclear tests, Russian Foreign Ministry stated --More countries have come out to
The plane crashed while carrying Kennedy his wife, Carolyn Bessette Kennedy and her sister Lauren Bessette, 34.
Kennedy Jr.'s small plane was located with Kennedy's body still aboard, off the coast of Martha's Vineyard in the Massachusetts State of the United States.
When John F. Kennedy's single-engine Piper Saratoga crashed as he was flying with his wife, Carolyn Bessette Kennedy, and her sister Lauren, from Fairfield, N.J., near New York City, to Martha's Vineyard.
Larrabbee said the decision to end the rescue efforts were made in consultation with the National Transportation Safety Board and had been communicated to
The Addis Ababa Regional Water and Sewerage Authority announced that the shortage of potable water in the capital city of Ethiopia will be solved in the last quarter of this year.
Tanzanian Prime Minister Frederick Sumaye has urged residents in capital Dar es Salaam to use water sparingly as another water shortage is imminent.
Iranian President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani today picked the ground for Mamloo reservoir dam near Tehran, a project designed to alleviate the water shortage problem in the capital.
Currently, the authority supplies only 60 percent of the city's potable water demand.
The dam, on the juncture of
The International Olympic Committee said that they will award the Olympic Order to balloonists Bertrand Piccard and Brian Jones who are the first to circumnavigate the world in a balloon.
A Swiss-Belgian team took off from a lake-side mountain in the Swiss Alps in the latest bid to balloon non-stop around the world.
After nearly a 20-day voyage, Swiss Bertrand Piccard and British Brian Jones completed their nonstop circumnavigation on a hot-air balloon and landed in southern Egypt smoothly morning.
A Swiss-English balloon team soared over Mexico early today after completing a six-day journey across the Pacific Ocean
A judge today barred defense lawyers from using a ``gay panic'' defense in the murder trial of a man accused of beating gay college student Matthew Shepard.
``It's Gay Awareness Week''!
taunted one of the two men charged with murdering Matthew Shepard just before they slammed a pistol butt into the University of Wyoming student's head 18 times.
4: The killing of Matthew Shepard, a gay college student in Wyoming who in 1998 was beaten, lashed to a fence and left to die, shocked Americans by lifting homophobia to a new level of savagery.
Gay college student Matthew
ANGELES _ Americans are gobbling down more calories than ever, resulting in a 50 percent increase in the nation's obesity rate.
Some 97 million American adults, or 55 percent, are considered overweight or obese.
Overall, the population of obese men and women increased from 12 percent in 1991 to 17.9 percent last year.
Obesity is increasingly being viewed as a chronic disease by medical professionals and has been established by the American Heart Association as a major, modifiable risk factor for heart disease, the leading cause of death in the United States.
Two studies published this month in
The United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) has urged Kenya's Education Ministry to include sex education in the curriculum.
The Kenyan Government has launched a project worth of 34 million U.S. --Kenya has a shortage of over 200 science subjects teachers in secondary schools in the country.
Only 47 percent of the students who passed last year's Kenya Certificate of Primary Education Examination will have the opportunity to enter secondary schools, the Education Minister, Joseph Kamotho.
Kenya's Ministry of East African and Regional Cooperation has called for the harmonization of education in the east African region, including similar curricula and certification.
Fish and Wildlife Service's Mexican gray wolf recovery program, The wolves are native to Arizona, New Mexico and northern Mexico.
Someone killed yet another endangered Mexican gray wolf in eastern Arizona.
Calling it a success story on a par with the comeback of the bald eagle.
A spokeswoman for Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt called the latest killing ``incomprehensible,'' and she repeated Babbitt's vow last week that the wolf reintroduction program _ and the goal of returning at least 100 Mexican wolves to the wild in the next decade _ will continue.
Department officials said they
A judge threw out a $100 million lawsuit filed by a man who claims Jerry Seinfeld and his TV producers stole his identity for the character of George Costanza.
With: Jerry Seinfeld.
&QL; Two months after laying to rest his famous TV show, comedian Jerry Seinfeld is performing last rites on his old standup routine, preparing for a finale in his hometown, New York City, that will be aired live as an HBO special on Aug. Madison Avenue has long been enamored of the actors who took the principal roles on ``Seinfeld'': Jason Alexander, who played George; Julia
